Update harfanglab.md (#564)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/integrations/endpoint/harfanglab.md

## Configure

### On SEKOIA.IO

> Please select ***manually*** to create the intake key to be used when setting up on **Harfang Lab** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create the intake key to be used when setting up HarfangLab, please select `manual` mode. 
```

* Host: `intake.sekoia.io`
* Port: `10514`
* App name: in the syslog header (cf illustration below), please use [RFC5424 format](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc5424.html#page-14)
* Source host: name of your choice
* Structured data: `[SEKOIA@53288 intake_key="YOUR_INTAKE_KEY"]`
* Protocol: `TCP/TLS`
* RFC: `RFC5424`

- **Syslog header and fields**

> ![AppName](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/101662967/195819283-06e69207-a245-470d-83e5-c83687606719.png)

Reviewer 2: Image should be hosted directly in the repository not on GitHub.
